update: mention kotlin-swing-coroutines as potentially necessary for Lifecycle and ViewModel (#149)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/compose/compose-viewmodel.md

    }
    ```

> > When running coroutines in a `ViewModel`, remember that the `ViewModel.viewModelScope` value is tied to the `Dispatchers.Main.immediate` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When running coroutines in a `ViewModel`, remember that the `ViewModel.viewModelScope` value is tied to the `Dispatchers.Main.immediate` value,
```

    }
    ```

> 3. When using the ViewModel library with Compose Multiplatform for Desktop,
>    you might need to add the `kotlinx-coroutines-swing` dependency (see the [related GitHub issue](https://github.com/JetBrains/compose-multiplatform/issues/4835)),
>    for example:
> 
>     ```kotlin
>     implementation("org.jetbrains.kotlinx:kotlinx-coroutines-swing:1.8.1")
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. `ViewModel.viewModelScope` is bound to `Dispatchers.Main.immediate` which might be unavailable on Desktop by default. To make it work correctly with Compose Multiplatform please add the `kotlinx-coroutines-swing` dependency. See [`Dispatchers.Main` docs](https://kotlinlang.org/api/kotlinx.coroutines/kotlinx-coroutines-core/kotlinx.coroutines/-dispatchers/-main.html) for details.
```
